It is my distinct honor and indeed
pleasure to welcome you here to our Ocean
Studio overlooking the Caribbean Sea.
We're on the Virgin Islands as we
broadcast this program to you.
It is a continuation of our series devoted
to the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
That's the Eighty-Ninth Psalm for those of
you who may not be familiar with the
Hebrew definition.
of the lyrics that were written in this
case by Yahowah,
that's God's one and only name,
to extol the virtues of his beloved son.
You see,
it turns out God really does have a
son.
His name, though, is not Jesus.
It's Dowd.
You may know him as David,
but nonetheless, his name is Dowd.
It means beloved.
You see,
According to this psalm and the lyrics
that Yahowah inspired,
he does have a chosen one.
But it's not Jesus.
It's Dowd.
You see,
according to the song that Yahowah,
who happens to be God,
wrote regarding his son,
there is a Messiah, one that he anointed.
But it's not Jesus.
It's Dowd.
You see,
there is someone who represents God,
who is Elyown.
And that individual who is the influence
of Almighty God in our presence is not
Jesus.
No, it's Dowd.
There is an exemplar of the covenant.
There is no new covenant.
Covenant or New Testament,
but there certainly is an example for us
to follow if we wish to be part
of the one and only Beryth Covenant.
And again, that's not Jesus.
It's Dowd, according to God.
We have a Savior,
someone who served as the Passover Lamb,
fulfilling Pesach in his second of three
lives.
But the individual who was crucified in
thirty-three CE on Passover was not Jesus.
It was Dowd.
You see, all Jesus is,
is a counterfeit of Dowd.
Oh,
that and a heavy dose of Dionysus and
Odysseus as well to make the religious
icon appear godly.
But let's be frank.
If you believe that God is a man,
if you believe that God can be represented
by a man,
if you believe that a man is God,
then you're an idiot.
I mean,
that's just all there is to it.
Your faith and that proposition makes you
a fool, makes you ignorant,
makes you irrational.
I've said this many times before,
but it is absolutely worth repeating.
God is not...
and cannot be a man.
God's existence is in the seventh
dimension.
We know this because our universe is six
dimensional and he has to be a dimension
beyond our universe.
And just as a three dimensional individual
cannot enter the two D flat land of
say a Mickey or Minnie mouse,
a seven dimensional God cannot enter the
realm of our world,
stuck as it is in time.
He has to be beyond it to have
created it.
So God can interact with us through his
Ruwach spirit,
by projecting his nephesh soul,
by using his malakim,
which would be his spiritual envoys,
And of course, through his words,
he can manifest himself as aspects of
himself as fiery light.
He can project his voice.
But mostly he interacts using his Towrah
prophets and Psalms.
But absolutely and unequivocally,
God is not a man.
That was the religious lore of yesteryear
of paganism.
And it's just not true.
Moreover,
the idiocy of Christianity is that man
killed God.
It's not possible.
Men can't kill God and God cannot die.
And your solution to that is even more
insane and that bodily resurrection would
be counterproductive.
It's going the wrong way.
The only hope you have for eternal life
and to be enriched and empowered such that
you can be in Yahowah's presence is for
you to be able to shed your physical
body and be adorned instead in light and
energy, which is what Yahowah is offering,
but not Christianity.
In Christianity,
they would have you believe that there is
some coincidence with their Jesus,
a person who never lived in the first
century CE, anywhere in the world,
much less in Yahuwdah, the province.
My coincidence happened to be crucified on
Passover.
Not fulfilling Passover, mind you.
Not understanding what Passover
represents, mind you.
Having him nap during Matsah, again,
being clueless to what it represents.
misrepresenting Bikuwrym as the stupidity
of a bodily resurrection.
The entire thing is absolutely insane.
If you don't know what Passover
represents,
then you're not in a position to
capitalize on the Passover lamb.
That is Dowd.
if you don't know what Matsah represents
then you shouldn't be anywhere around
passover because it would make your soul
immortal and yet still slathered with a
stench of religion such that you were
excluded from god's presence to be
immortal and excluded is to be sentenced
to an eternity in Sheowl which is hell
that's a really stupid proposition is it
not
And if you don't have an appreciation of
what Bikuwrym represents the following day
and how Pesach and Matsah being fulfilled
by Dowd,
the true son of God and the chosen
one who acted as our savior in his
second of three lives,
then you're not in a position to become
Bikuwrym,
a member of God's covenant family filled
with firstborn children.
You will mistake it for the pagan holiday
of Easter.
This is the problem.
There is no truth to Christianity.
It's a pile of lies.
And unfortunately,
they piled their rubbish right on top of
Yahowah's truth,
thereby precluding even Jews from knowing
it.
It's a great stain on the human soul.
But the simple truth is,
and I recognize that it's hard for you
to understand because in the past two
thousand years, I'm the only one.
who had the wherewithal to share it with
you.
I'm the first to discern the absolute and
unequivocal truth that David,
according to God,
who's in a position to know,
is the chosen one,
is the son of God, is the Messiah,
is the exemplar of the covenant,
is the Passover lamb, is our savior.
Is Elyown the very influence of God in
our presence?
And that he is the one who is
returning.
The king whose seat of honor will exist
for all time, at all places,
for all people who survive.
This is the truth.
It's the whole truth, according to God.
And anything other than that is calling
God a liar.
You can't have a eighty-ninth Psalm in
your Bible and pretend that you're not
ignorant and irrational and believe
Christianity.
You can't even have a book called a
Bible and think that you're being rational
or godly.
Bible is Babel.
It's too confused by intermixing truth and
lies, religion and politics, for example.
It is the worst of all possible outcomes
because it is synonymous with Babylon.
It actually is a compound of Ba and
Bel, and it means with the Lord.
And Yahowah describes Bel as Baal,
the Lord, says Satan.
Everything about what you have been led to
believe,
should you be a religious Jew or
Christian, indeed a Muslim, is a lie.
Now,
I don't just say that out of hand.
I've written thirteen books,
I've written thirty-five, all total,
all of which prove this,
but thirteen in specific denunciation of
Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.
I have proven beyond any Dowd
that the entirety of the Christian New
Testament is a fraud and that Jesus never
existed through the five volumes of
Twistianity.
You think I'm wrong?
How about it?
They're all free at YadaYah.com.
Y-A-D-A-Y-A-H.com.
The series is called Twistianity.
There's five volumes.
How about it?
You would have to disprove the entirety of
it.
Any aspect of it's true and it's all
true.
Your religion, if you're a Christian,
isn't a lie.
And as a gift to you,
I have done the same thing with Islam
that I did with Christianity.
I didn't disprove Christianity or Islam
based upon anecdotal evidence.
I didn't disprove it based upon somebody's
opinion.
I didn't disprove it based upon the acts
of today's Christians or Muslims.
I disproved both religions based upon
their own words.
I took Paul's statements and Peter's and
Luke's and Mark's,
and I compared them to God's,
and I compared them to their own.
And by comparing them to their own and
then comparing them to God's,
it is absolutely irrefutable that they are
lying.
The same thing is true with Islam.
Allah claims that he inspired the Towrah
and the prophets,
and yet his message is the antithesis of
them.
So I took Allah's and Muhammad's words and
I held them accountable for them,
proving that Allah was not a God and
that Muhammad was not a prophet.
There's five books called Goddamn
Religion,
all free at YadaYah.com that provide this
evidence on your behalf.
And then with the Babel series,
I proved that Judaism is a fraud as
well.
The Talmud is a pile of lies.
The Talmud is not Towrah.
God's name is not Hashem.
Rabbis have no authorization from God.
They do not know him.
God despises them and despises Judaism.
In fact,
the whole story right from the beginning,
particularly the Exodus and then the
occupation of the land is a story of
God despising the religiosity of Israel.
despising the religiosity of Israel.
Israel's propensity to be religious has
estranged Israel from God.
That is an undeniable and regrettable
state of events that is proven throughout
the Towrah and prophets.
The reason that rabbis have the Talmud and
they cite from the Talmud and they dress
the Towrah up like it's a whore,
this little costume,
is all because they know the truth,
but there's no money in the truth,
so they lie.
Then this notion that somehow Judaism and
Christianity are allies is utter nonsense.
The New Testament demonizes and
dehumanizes Jews,
making the false claim that Jews killed
the Christian God.
It's preposterous, of course,
but it doesn't change history.
That because of this lie,
the Holocaust happened.
The pogroms happened.
This is reality,
whether you want to deal with it or
not.
We have nearly completed our review of the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It, in every line,
destroys all credibility of Christianity,
Judaism, and Islam.
The focus of God's attention, our Savior,
the Messiah, the Son of God,
and God's very presence among us, Elyown,
the one whose seat of honor is going
to be returning as brilliant as the sun,
is Dowd.
This is another statement where God is
reaffirming through the question of the
one writing his words that Dowd is the
center of God's attention.
Yahowah loves Dowd more than any other.
As a matter of fact,
the actual name of the Jewish people isn't
Jew.
It's Yahuwd.
And Yahuwd is a compound of Yahowah's name,
Yah, and Dowd's name, Yahuwd.
It means Yahowah's beloved.
Where is your unwavering love and enduring
favoritism?
Which was expressed first and foremost in
the beginning.
Rishown,
right from the beginning of the Towrah.
Which you promised, even in the Towrah,
to Dowd, the beloved.
Not to rabbis.
Not to Judaism.
Not to Jesus.
Not to a church.
Not to the religion of Christianity.
Certainly not to Muslims or Allah or
Muhammad.
It's to Dowd.
For those that are unfamiliar with the
sound of that name, Dowd,
understand that
Dowd's name is written over one thousand
one hundred times in the Towrah,
prophets and Psalms.
The only name that appears more often is
Yahowah's.
You may not know that,
but Yahowah's name was erased by rabbis and
then by Christians some seven thousand
times and replaced by Satan's title,
the Lord.
That is also an irrefutable fact.
They don't want you to know Yahowah,
because once you know Yahowah,
you will not believe the religions of
Judaism or Islam.
That's why Yahowah's name does not appear
in the Talmud.
in the New Testament.
Yahowah did not inspire those men who spoke
against him.
Now, Dowd is written as D-W-D, Daleth, Wah,
Daleth, pronounced Dowd,
because the Wah makes the O sound in
Hebrew.
This way, on all occasions,
written in Dowd's own hand,
inspired directly by God,
or written within three hundred years of
his first of three lives.
It only appears as Daleth wa Yod Daleth,
Dowd, in the Book of Chronicles,
and two or three of the last prophets,
like
Zachariah and Mal’aky everywhere else it's
Dowd uh it becomes Dowd and those later
books that were written three to four
hundred years after dote's um first of
three lives I’m going to go out in
a limb here since Dowd is the branch
the Tsemach and I’m the Choter
the secondary branch,
and say that Yahowah probably knows how to
spell and pronounce his son's name.
And when he wrote a psalm, a song,
devoted expressly to this one man,
that he spelled his name correctly,
as well as his own name correctly,
Yahowah ben Dowd.
I don't think that's much of a leap.
Do you?
So it's Dowd, it means beloved.
Get used to the sound of it if
you want to survive because he's returning
as king.
So let me retreat to the beginning of
the statement so that I don't just pick
it up where we had left off.
It says, posing a rhetorical question.
This is ayah,
posing a rhetorical question regarding an
individual's position.
Where is your unwavering love and enduring
favoritism?
Chesed ata,
your devotion to the familiar
relationship.
Ata is written, by the way,
in a second person, masculine singular.
Where's your devotion to the family
relationship and the unfailing kindness,
your genuine affection and merciful
treatment, but most of all,
your favoritism?
which was expressed first and foremost
from the beginning, Rishown,
as the initial priority,
as the most important consideration of
what was incurring from the start.
I'll return to that thought in a moment,
but please hold it.
Which you promised, Shabbat,
which you truthfully proclaimed and
affirmed as part of your binding oath on
seven occasions to Dowd, the beloved.
in harmony with your steadfast commitment
to being trustworthy and reliable.
Emunah Atah,
by way of your honesty and dependability,
by being completely truthful, genuine,
and real,
such that you can be trusted and relied
upon, my upright one.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to sing, Psalm, eighty-nine,
forty-nine.
it's Dowd.
It's the only name that has been given
in this entire psalm.
When he speaks of the Messiah, it's Dowd.
When he speaks of him being his son,
it's Dowd.
When he speaks of him being the chosen
one, it's Dowd.
When it speaks of him being the exemplar,
it's Dowd.
When it speaks of him being Elyown,
as if almighty God, he's speaking of Dowd.
When it's speaking of his return,
it's Dowd.
And his position of honor being his
brilliance of the sun and enduring
forever, he's speaking of Dowd.
It means that the notion of a Jesus
Christ is insane.
It's calling God a liar.
You might as well be pissing in God's
face to believe that Jesus Christ is
is from God, or that he is God,
or that he was the Son of God,
or that he was the Messiah,
or that he is the Savior,
because God told everyone who is willing
to listen that it's Dowd who was all
of those things,
making Jesus a crude counterfeit,
a crime based upon identity theft.
Now,
when it says that where was all of
this from the beginning,
People just don't know how often Dowd is
mentioned throughout the Towrah and
prophets.
Yes, his name comes up, one thousand,
one hundred plus times.
But he is spoken of through his title
so many times more than that.
He is first proclaimed in the first
chapter of the first book of the Towrah.
In Bare’syth, Genesis one,
Dowd is the greater luminary.
who serves as a sign of the Mowedym.
The Mowedym are represented by Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, which Dowd fulfilled,
Shabuwah and Taruwah,
which his lesser luminary will fulfill,
as directed by that statement in the first
chapter of the Towrah.
Dowd returns on Kipurym,
and then he will rule as king during
Sukah,
which is when we return to the garden.
He is brought up again in the second
chapter of Bare’syth Genesis.
He is the tree of lives.
By fulfilling Passover,
he opened the door to life.
And he stands beside and benefits from the
tree of knowledge of good and bad.
Just as the lesser luminary of life.
The fourth day of creation reflects the
greater luminary's light to direct you to
these signs, these signs for the Mowedym,
the restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
He is presented during the time that Moshe
has a meltdown and says,
I can't deal with Israel.
The Israelis are impossible.
They're belligerent.
They're irascible.
They are so antagonistic,
so much in religious rebellion that I just
can't tolerate them anymore.
I want you to kill me, God.
God was already through that process.
It was God himself who told us that
When he came to speak directly to the
children of Israel,
their reception of the very God who had
saved them from extinction and slavery and
Mitsraym, Egypt,
was to tell them to shut up and
go away.
They never wanted to see him or hear
from him again.
And it only got worse from that point
on.
And that was following the time that they
had already been religious by crafting the
golden calf.
And God made it clear how disgusted he
was by religion when he had the earth
swallow those who expressed themselves
religiously that way.
Religion is belligerence against God.
And we find that when Moshe had his
meltdown and asked God to kill him because
no one can lead Jews, they're impossible.
And you remained impossible,
really impossible.
Yahowah concurred with him.
And then he introduced a couple of
fellows,
just as the story of the greater and
lesser luminary,
just as the story of the tree of
lives is pointed to by the tree of
knowledge.
There is the introduction in the eleventh
chapter of Numbers of ElDod,
God's beloved.
ElDod, God's beloved.
being assisted and infused with the very
Ruwach of Yahowah so as to speak for
God by my Dowd.
The very hand of the Dowd,
the influence of Dowd now in our world,
Dowd's herald.
And as you moved into the fifteenth
chapter,
they are presented under their symbolic
representations.
Dowd is the ram.
his herald as the bull the master of
ceremonies when the bull is sacrificed to
prepare this remnant of Yahowah's people of
Israel for Dowd's return on Kipurym the
sacrifice taking place on Taruwah the master
of ceremonies is none other than ElYah who
is symbolic of the goat all three are
presented throughout that chapters where
god delineates in the fifteenth chapter of
numbers after he
reveals that no one over the age of
twenty will be allowed into the Promised
Land because of the horrors that they
demonstrated,
their antagonism towards Yahowah and
towards Moshe.
When the spies were sent into the land,
everyone over twenty, he said, you'll die.
I will not take you into the land.
And immediately thereafter,
he explained how
Jews could continue to live,
how their relationship could be reconciled
with him.
Presentation and numbers, bar mid-bar,
fifteen is as profound an important
prophecy as there is anywhere ever
revealed.
The workings of Dowd as the ram and
Yada as the bull.
He's everywhere.
The most famous
Pronouncement of Dowd in the Towrah,
of course, is Dabarym eighteen.
After God excoriates Jews for continuing
to be religious,
he says that the remedy is the man
discussed in the eighteenth chapter of
Dabarym.
It's Dowd.
And then God warns his people about the
false prophets that will lie about his son
and their relationship.
It's the route.
It's pervasive also in the prophets and in
the Psalms.
Every prophecy that has been stolen by
Christians to validate their Jesus speaks
of Dowd, without exception.
So it was from the beginning,
which God promised.
literally from the beginning,
because he was articulating Doe's role as
the greater luminary,
as the sign of the Mowedym, Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, which he has fulfilled,
Taruwah and Kipurym,
or Kipurym and Sukah,
which he will fulfill on behalf of his
lesser luminary,
fulfilling Shabuwah and Taruwah to get God's
people prepared for these events.
God laid it all out right in the
beginning.
In fact,
since he speaks of these two individuals
in Genesis one and the role they play
in the fourth day of creation,
it is highly likely that the we
that appears throughout that account and
throughout really the Towrah and prophets,
where Yahowah,
who every verb says he is masculine
singular,
occasionally speaks as Elohim in the royal
we.
Well,
if you're gonna express your love for
somebody right from the beginning and you
speak of them in the first chapter and
then again in the second chapter of
Genesis,
chances are that's the composition of we.
that God chose some souls that were going
to make a profound difference in the lives
of his people.
And the foremost among them is the Gadowl
Mayor, the greater luminary,
who serves as the Ets Chayym,
the tree of lives.
He is the one who has been acclaimed
throughout this psalm.
So it's important that you know these
things, that it is speaking of Dowd,
none other than Dowd.
And so if you're looking for an unnamed
Messiah to show up at some undisclosed
time,
then you're doing nothing but angering God
because he told you who the Messiah is
and he told you the exact day that
he's going to return.
And besides all of that,
you allowed the most popular religion in
the world to steal your Messiah's title.
Son of God, Savior, and Messiah,
such that you don't see him as those
things anymore.
And you don't recognize what he did by
fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym for your benefit.
Which is why we do the Yahowah blog.
It is the foremost purpose of it.
So when we read a question in an
inspired text,
and this was the forty-ninth statement of
the eighty-ninth Psalm, such as this one,
the prophet not only knows the answer,
but he has already provided it.
Such is the case here with Emunah,
trustworthy and dependable.
presented throughout Dowd Song and
repeated within this question.
Therefore,
because Yahowah is consistent and
forthright,
which he has said several times already in
the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
then he is reliable.
The things which he has favored from the
beginning are the things which he loves.
These would include being creative and
enjoying an active and conversational
relationship with humankind in a pristine
environment.
And since the formation of the Beryth
covenant with Abraham and Sarah is the
dominant theme of Bare’syth Genesis,
the family is, yeah, was first love.
And in this Psalm,
he said that David was the exemplar of
that family.
And he was the one through whom the
benefits of the covenant were delivered,
which are eternal life, perfection,
adoption into God's family, enrichment,
and empowerment.
This all is underscored by the realization
that the remnant that will return to
Israel
will have the Towrah written inside of them
after being purged of their religiosity by
the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah on
Taruwah so that they're prepared for Dowd's
return on Kipurym.
And this realization is conveyed
throughout the remainder of the Towrah.
It's focused on liberating the children of
Yisrael from human religious and political
oppression.
Mitsraym speaks of political oppression.
and religious oppression.
Mitsraym is the plural of mitz of Sarah.
Mitz, the initial sound,
comes from ponder the implication.
Mai in Hebrew, it's an interrogatory,
means to consider the implications.
Sar is written in the plural, sarim,
and sar means oppression.
to be subjugated,
which is to be under the control of
religion and politics,
as if in a crucible.
And that's the time of Israel's troubles
that starts now in a matter of, what,
about a hundred and twenty-five days.
That's how close we are to this.
And the world is showing all signs of
it.
Israel is now a vassal of the most
dangerous man in the world.
They actually believe that Donald Trump is
the second coming of Cyrus when in fact
that Donald Trump is the great betrayer.
He is the Satan-infused, ego-maniacal,
sexual pervert that is the warmonger that
betrays Israel and is presented as such
throughout the prophets.
And Israel is now a vassal of Donald
Trump because it isolated itself from the
rest of the world.
demonized itself in the face of the world
by responding inappropriately to the
religious attack on ten seven and being
belligerent since that time lashing out at
symptoms as opposed to dealing with the
real cause of the problem which of course
is Islam that's why when I first met
Yahowah his initial request was expose and
condemn Islam which I have done not only
in prophet of doom and tea with terrorists
but
Now through the five volumes of Goddamn
Religion, free at YadaYah.com.
So God's trying to continually free
people, his people,
from political and religious oppression.
And yet,
after him taking them out of Mitsraym,
they have returned to Babylon.
This integration of religion and politics.
The confusion by commingling these...
devastating human schemes.
Where in all of the world,
there's no place where religion and
politics are as intertwined as they are in
Israel.
And so it's out of Babel,
this intermixing of these horrible foes
that God is still calling his people.
He's trying to teach them and guide them.
So they might come home to live with
Yahowah, their father.
However, since it takes two,
The Israelites could not refrain from
stumbling over themselves in nauseating
fashion.
Oh,
Yahowah returned to his original
preference,
which was to form an enjoyable and
influential individual,
personal relationship with this one man.
And he did.
You see, Dowd is the antithesis of Adam.
Where Adam failed, Dowd succeeded.
And you might say, wait a minute,
Adam only made one mistake.
He took the apple from Eve.
Well,
then you've made a bundle of mistakes.
God foreclosed on the situation of the
garden before Chawah,
which is her actual name,
was actually conceived.
Wonderful.
It was Adam's fault.
God said, I want Adam to be observant.
I want him to be active.
I want him to make a contribution to
work in the garden.
And Dowd didn't either.
And then he proved himself unreliable,
the antithesis of Yahowah.
And God foreclosed on the experiment
because he realized that in that sheltered
and enclosed environment,
there was no chance that Adam was going
to improve.
And now,
three thousand years after that time,
God finds a man who did.
His name was Dowd.
Yahowah anointed him with his Ruwach spirit
at eight years old.
He anointed him as his Mashyach, Messiah.
And from that point on,
they lived a most extraordinary life
together.
But you'll notice that Dowd was not
perfect because God's not looking for
perfection.
This is a religious misinterpretation,
if you will.
They want to present Jesus Christ is
perfect.
Well,
he's only perfect in the sense that he's
a complete lie.
He never existed.
You know,
you might as well say Santa Claus is
perfect or the Easter bunny.
Real people are not perfect.
God wants a relationship with real people.
The moment they would become perfect,
they would be uninteresting.
There'd be no purpose to life.
There'd be no purpose to doing anything if
you're already perfect.
There'd be no purpose of learning anything
if you were already perfect.
There'll be no way to show that if
you fall,
you can get back up and be trusted
if you were perfect.
Even Yahowah was not perfect.
It would be absolutely boring.
If God was perfect,
do you think that he would have come
down from Mount Choreb to speak to his
people only to have them tell him to
shut up and go away?
Do you think God would have said,
I regretted creating man?
if everything he did was perfect?
Do you think that God would have caused
the fall in the garden and to foreclosed
on that experiment if he was perfect?
God wouldn't be approachable if he was
perfect.
He wouldn't be lovable if he was perfect.
You know,
you don't become dependable and reliable,
trustworthy by being perfect.
You become reliable, trustworthy,
and dependable by making mistakes,
owning up to them,
by tripping and falling and then getting
back up.
That's how you prove that you can be
relied upon.
Dowd did that.
Dowd is extraordinary because of that.
What also made Dowd extraordinary is that
Dowd is God.
Tsadaq, from God's point of view,
write about him.
God was brilliant.
He was articulate.
He was Gibowr, a fighter, courageous,
a man's man.
He was mostly mental,
but also somewhat emotional.
He had it all going.
He defended Israel successfully,
sixty-six times.
He established Jerusalem as the heart of
Yisrael, and he brought Yisrael together,
unifying the nation,
acquired the Temple Mount,
wrote so many of these Psalms,
most of the Proverbs as well.
Here's the guy.
that volunteered to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in the year of four thousand
years and his second of three lives.
He's the guy who was smart enough to
figure out what no one,
until I figured it out,
had discerned by reading the Towrah up to
the point of God's interaction with him.
That he was the son of God who
should and could fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
He knew that that was his opportunity.
He not only discerned that it was right
for him to do so and that he
could do so and that God would approve
of him doing so,
but that it would have tremendous benefit,
not only for himself earning comprehensive
respect once everyone is aware of it,
but also making it possible for him to
return and be respected as king and
actually have a kingdom.
Because without doing that,
he has no kingdom.
He has no people to return to.
There's no planet to return to.
He doesn't have any more respect than
Moshe did.
And Moshe's experience with Jews was so
horrible, he asked God to kill him.
So Dowd was smart enough to figure it
out.
He studied the Towrah and prophets and
understood, well,
the prophets up to the point of his
life,
which were a lot shorter than they are
now,
we have a lot more material to go
by.
My job of figuring out that Dowd
recognized that he should be the Passover
lamb and fulfill Matsah,
was much easier than his I'll tell you
that for a long to a considerable degree
but there was enough and I showed how
he came to that conclusion why he made
that decision why god accepted it and then
how collectively they fulfilled that
promise in thirty three CE and Dowd's
second of three lives
With Dowd's body being the Passover lamb,
with Dowd's soul taking our guilt into
shield.
And collectively,
the set-apart spirit protecting Dowd
through the process.
Such that he, his spirit, his soul,
his nephesh and Neshama,
his conscience and consciousness could
return to Yahowah.
This is the most important story in the
universe,
most important discovery in the history of
humankind.
It's being shared with you here.
You can disagree with it and reject it,
ignore it, whatever you wish to do,
your choice.
But you need to know that God chose
Dowd.
That was his choice.
He made Dowd his Bakowr, his firstborn son.
The only way to argue with either one
of those two is to call God a
liar.
And if you're calling God a liar on
behalf of your religion,
then your religion is a lie.
And through this single solitary life and
his lyrics,
the entire story of Yisrael and the
covenant is relived, it's retold,
and it is resolved.
Dowd is the exemplar of Yisrael and he's
the savior.
Israel so rather than give up on his
people God worked alongside the best of us
the man who was willing to engage to
be observant
and to prove that he could be relied
upon.
Imagine trusting Yahowah to the extent that
after a thousand years in Shamaym, well,
actually before he was brought to Shamaym,
as he was living his first life,
he made this decision that he would do
this.
He actually was taken forward in time to
witness his crucifixion and wrote about it
in the twenty-second and the eighty-eighth
Psalms.
filled his first thirty-five psalms with
an explanation of what he was going to
do.
Volunteered to do this,
trusted Yahowah enough to bring him back in
his second of three lives and allow his
body to be crucified such that his soul
would be protected and then his soul used
to be deployed to carry our guilt and
to go into hell.
for this heavenly cause,
trusting Yahowah to protect his nephesh
soul in Sheowl, hell.
And to reunite him with,
reunite them together on Bikuwrym,
the Bekor as the firstborn son,
showing the way to Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
I don't know what I need to say,
Israel, for you to get that picture.
But that is the picture that Yahowah has
painted.
And I understand that you've erased
Yahowah's name, don't even know who he is.
But Yahowah is the God who introduced
himself to Moshe.
He is the God of the Towrah.
He's the God of creation.
He's the God of the covenant.
His name is Yahowah.
And his beloved son,
through whom salvation has been provided,
is Dowd.
As it was with Adam,
Dowd was sometimes unsteady,
at one moment soaring to the heavens and
the next stumbling on earth.
But this time would be different because
of the attributes that Dowd manifest.
You see, Dowd was actually brilliant.
He was articulate.
He was a voracious reader.
He was a voluminous writer.
He was God's most learned student and his
most effective teacher.
failed because Dowd was extraordinarily
observant and engaged to an extent beyond
anyone who has ever lived,
proving time and again that he could be
trusted.
He not only paid attention and valued
Yah's advice,
but also understood it and shared what he
had come to comprehend with us.
Under Dowd's guidance,
Israel was united in God's home.
They were protected and they thrived,
at least until they lost focus and
stumbled once again and fell.
This time, however,
Dowd recognized that he had become part of
the problem and he solved it once and
for all.
He realized what was taken from us when
we chose as humans to be religious and
rebel against God's covenant
relationships.
And he also realized what has taken us
a score of years to learn.
Although to our credit,
I am the first since Zachariah and Malachi
to share this conclusion with the world.
It is the greatest discovery of all time.
While confirming the covenant on Moriah
and the
in the midst really of the discussion
between father and son dote underscores
and because he understood that there had
been a promise he recognized that in the
Yowbel year of two thousand yah as a
harbinger a passover that god had said
that he would provide the lamb and that
was in the context of him having a
discussion with Abraham and Yitschaq
talking about don't take the life of your
son, your only son, whom you love.
And then he said he would provide the
lamb.
Dowd put those thoughts together.
His people have not recognized them since.
But Dowd realized that the Pesach Ayil,
this Passover lamb,
had been so instrumental in providing life
for the children of Yisrael in Mitsraym.
He also realized that it was on Matsah
that the children of Yisrael were freed,
given the opportunity to be set apart from
the religious and political milieu that
had so harmed them over the years.
He read that on Matsah,
they had walked out of the realm of
religious and political oppression.
He saw that they were reborn into the
covenant as they emerged from the sea.
And as bright as he was,
he rightly concluded that the Towrah's
enriching enlightenment had been initially
offered, of course, during Shabuwah.
So the stage was set for the fulfillment
of the first three Miqra'ey at a later
date, presumably Forty Yowbel,
from the day of this promise in the
year four thousand YAH,
which would be thirty-three CE.
Having written the ultimate treatise on
the Towrah in his hundred and nineteenth
Mizmowr,
Dowd would have understood as we have.
that with the fulfillment of the first
three Mowedym,
the benefits of the Beryth covenant were
now assured.
So we manned up Gibowr in God's parlance,
and he volunteered to do the right thing.
His Basar corporeal body became the
Passover lamb,
while his nephesh soul carried Yisrael's
guilt,
the guilt of every covenant member into
Sheowl, depositing it there,
never to be seen again.
The father's firstborn was Bikuwrym,
living up to his title while he fulfilled
Chag Matsah.
Religious Jews don't even know what Chag
Matsah is.
They think that Passover is a seven-day
holiday celebrating their freedom.
There's no freedom on Passover.
It opens the door to life.
Passover is simply the first day of
Matsah, of chag Matsah.
Matsah is the main event.
It's the removal of religious guilt.
It leads to Bikuwrym,
being firstborn children of the covenant.
So the covenant could be firmly
established.
Its benefits could be reliably delivered.
Problem resolved.
Thanks to father and son,
those who accepted their guilt of the
fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym by Dowd in year,
four thousand year, thirty-three CE,
could live forever,
be exonerated and adopted,
enriched and empowered.
The Gibowr would prevail given three lives.
Yes, three.
His soul and ours saved.
Heaven's door was opened.
Our relationship was reconciled.
We were invited back into the Gan Eden.
Since he clearly understood what I'm
sharing with you,
I'd like to quote my favorite prophet.
For indeed,
because truly emphasizing this statement
while revealing an important contrast,
A child, a yeled, a boy,
an infinite who grows up to become a
man, was born, yeled,
was conceived and brought into view
through a woman impregnated by the father
of the child a moment in time.
Before us, a son, a male descendant,
a masculine offspring of a mother and
father, a son was provided as a gift,
and placed concerning us on our behalf.
The opportunity to learn what can be known
about how to engage and endure in addition
to the responsibility and the authority to
lead was and will always be on his
shoulder and predicated upon the eagerness
in which he pursued his calling.
especially early in life.
His name, reputation,
and renown has been read and recited as
a counselor providing valuable advice,
who is astoundingly brilliant and
amazingly insightful.
a valiant and heroic individual with a
prominent military and political standing
in the community, the most capable,
competent, and courageous of men,
a Gibowr of God,
an eternal witness providing restoring
testimony,
an observant and meticulous individual
providing everlasting evidence from long
ago for the Father.
Dowd is the only one of whom Yahowah
said, I am his father.
The leader who conveys the authorized
position on reconciliation and restoration
leading to salvation.
Shalwom.
Tremendously increasing the ability to
learn about and respond to the means of
to engage and endure,
to be liberated and empowered.
As a result of this approach,
reconciliation and restoration,
complete satisfaction and total commitment
will be without end,
never ceasing upon the throne,
the seat of honor,
Of Dowd.
What part of that do you not understand,
Christian?
Jew?
Of Dowd.
All of this pertains to Dowd.
Dowd is God's beloved son.
He is our savior.
He is the Gibowr,
the most courageous and capable of men.
He is the one who serves as a
witness to the father.
The son who was given to us is
Dowd.
How in the hell can twistians turn that
into a prophecy of Jesus?
It doesn't mention Jesus' name.
Is your God so stupid that he doesn't
know his own son's name?
What's your issue, Jews?
The great Isaiah scroll,
it's written right there.
Dug up, what,
in nineteen fifty from a shattered ceramic
container.
First published five years later.
What is it with you?
It says of Dowd.
It says of Dowd,
why have the religious stolen what God
proclaimed on behalf of the son that he
has given?
Really,
what's your problem if you're a Christian?
What's your problem if you're a religious
Jew?
What's your problem if you're a Muslim?
And you will not pay any attention to
what God actually said.
I mean,
there is no prophet that is better known
than Isaiah.
Yashayah is his real name.
And maybe no citation in the entirety of
what he had to convey as the ninth
chapter in these words.
And yet you steal it from Dowd.
Call God a liar and give it to
Bar Kochba or Jesus Christ?
Are you out of your mind?
What could you do that would be more
offensive to God than that?
Of Dowd.
As well as upon his kingdom throughout his
considered advice and counsel.
so as to be prepared and to be
established by it and to be restored and
sustained by it with the means to exercise
good judgment and to justly resolve
disputes by being right from then to now
and forevermore the deep devotion and
passion of Yahowah
of Yahowah, not of the Lord,
not of Hashem, not of Allah,
not of Jesus, of Yahowah,
of the vast array of spiritual implements,
has consistently engaged to make this
happen.
Yashayah, Isaiah, nine, six, and seven.
If you're informed and rational,
You can't be a Christian.
You can't be part of the cult of
Haredim or the black suited mourners of
ultra Orthodox Judaism.
You can't be a Muslim.
It isn't possible.
It simply isn't possible.
And there's no excuse.
This is one of the most,
one of the best known,
most
oft-cited prophecies ever written by the
prophet whose entire scroll happens to
have been preserved and is available as
the great Isaiah scroll.
It hasn't changed.
It goes back to two hundred and fifty
years before Dowd actually fulfilled this
promise.
His name was written Dowd.
Yahowah's name was written Yod-Heh-Wa-Heh,
Yahowah, just as he explained it to Moshe.
And yet, even with this evidence,
this absolute proof that there was no
Jesus,
that there is no sanction for a Bar
Kochba,
Judaism and Christianity created the lie
anyway.
Why?
Why would you do something so
reprehensible, such an abomination to God,
and then call yourself a religion
promoting God?
I mean,
the notion that Jesus is God and that
Jesus is the Son of God and that
Jesus is the Savior and the Messiah,
or that Bar Kochba was anything other than
a warlord, is nonsense.
when considered in the light of the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr or the prophet Isaiah.
It's just destroyed.
I mean,
I'm so disgusted with you if you are
a religious Jew or a Christian.
I mean,
you've got your head up your tush.
Really, it's dark up there.
It stinks to high heaven.
You're just flat out wrong.
Can't you do what Adam couldn't do?
Admit that you're wrong?
Can't you do what Dowd did when he
stumbled and made a mistake?
He acknowledged that he was wrong.
Learn from it and move on.
Why can't you do that?
I'm providing you with irrefutable
evidence that the Savior,
the very Son of God, the Messiah,
is Dowd.
Are you going to deal with it or
are you going to call God a liar
and then pretend that you're being
religious?
What a farce.
Let's go back and read this again because
it is extraordinary.
And it just completely puts the world on
notice that when it comes to knowing God,
to engaging in a relationship with God,
to finding salvation,
to appreciating the very...
relationship that God seeks to
understanding what went wrong with Adam
and then what went right with Dowd is
all written in these words.
And in these words,
you can find absolute validation of them
in the great Isaiah scroll.
Oh, see, I don't read Hebrew.
Okay, that's fine.
Go to YadaYah.com.
This that I'm sharing with you happens to
be a translation that I created in an
amplified fashion to explain every word
that you will find in Volume One of
Coming Home.
It's a voice.
You can go to YadaYah.com.
Right at the top of the page,
I think we have featured the Coming Home
series.
But Coming Home is the name of the
Volume One, a voice.
This
translation is presented there.
It's in an amplified fashion,
which means that I present every Hebrew
word in its most genitive manner so that
you, if you're reading this on a computer,
which the book is free in its entirety,
Coming Home, a voice,
volume one of that series, YadaYah.com.
You can copy and paste this first word
for indeed, it's ki, k-y.
You can
Copy and paste that into any search
engine.
And you can verify that I have translated
these words correctly.
Like Yaled is a male child, a boy.
And Yalad is the verb which speaks of
bringing forth an infinite who rose up to
become a man, was born.
So I explain every word.
I explain how I was able to deduce
words that are very seldom presented.
Like, for example, a son,
a child was born,
but it's the son who was given to
us as a gift.
So I present every word of this so
that you can analyze it.
And I'm going to share it with you
again verbally because of the passion that
the spoken word can provide.
And because most people prefer to listen
now than they watch than they do to
read.
But every word of this is verified for
you.
Every word of it.
In the series, the Yada Yahowah series,
Coming Home, A Voice, Volume One.
All free.
For indeed, a child was born.
And it says that child was born in
the ordinary way.
The Dowd was born, uh,
seventy-four years before year...
three thousand, yeah.
Three thousand, yeah,
was nine sixty-eight BCE.
Seventy-four years before that he was
born.
We don't have any idea who his mother
was, but he had a mother.
And we know who his father was.
His father was an idiot.
So his first of three lives,
a child was born.
God introduces us to him as though David,
his chosen one, the Messiah.
And his life then is chronicled in more
detail than any other figure in ancient
history by God himself.
So a child was born.
And then in his second of three lives,
a king was given.
This son of God,
the one that Yahowah refers to three times
in the Psalms, in the writings,
and here in the prophets,
he refers to him three times as his
son.
Only one man that he refers to as
his son.
It's always Dowd.
There's only one man, he says,
and I am his father.
It's Dowd.
And so he's saying that his son was
the one who was given,
who was afforded to us in his second
of three lives to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand, yeah.
For indeed, a child was born before us.
A son was provided as a gift and
placed concerning us.
The opportunity to learn what can be known
about how to engage and endure,
in addition to the responsibility and the
authority to lead.
Wa misrah, sovereignty, is from mi,
which is to ponder the implications of,
and Sarar,
having the power to exert oneself,
to contend, to persist, and to persevere.
Was and will be.
Hayah.
Hayah is the basis of Yahowah's name.
When Yahowah introduced himself to Moshe,
he said, Hayah.
I am who?
Asher.
I am.
I exist for the purpose of the
relationship, which is why I am.
Yahowah's name based on Hayah.
That's why there's two Hays and a Yod
in Hayah.
And Hayah.
And in Yahowah's name.
In Yahowah's name,
there's two He's and a Yod,
just as there is in the verb Hayah.
The only addition to the four letters that
comprise Yahowah's name is the letter
that's in the middle of Dowd's name.
The wall.
Make the connection.
Shouldn't be all that difficult for you.
He was and he will be.
That this ability to lead,
to be responsible, to learn, to engage,
to endure,
was and will be on his shoulder,
predicated upon the eagerness in which he
pursued his calling early in life.
Dowd pursued his calling.
He did what was right.
He pursued it with an ambition beyond
anyone who's ever lived,
which is why he wrote the hundred
nineteenth Psalm.
It's why he figured out that he should
serve in this capacity.
His name,
his reputation and his know and his
renown,
his shim has been read and recited as,
you know, by this time,
that Yashayah was written and it was what,
seven twenty five BCE.
Dowd's name had been written and recited
by that time, probably seven,
eight hundred times.
It was invited and summoned.
It was called out and welcomed.
Qara is actually the basis of Miqra'ey.
Miqra'ey tells us to ponder the implications
of being summoned and invited,
of the opportunity to read and recite,
to be welcomed and to be greeted.
The Miqra'ey and Miqra'ey in the plural are
the seven annual meetings with Yahowah,
of which Dowd fulfilled the first three
and will fulfill the last two.
So his name has been read and recited
as a counselor, providing valuable advice,
one who offers direction and
thought-provoking guidance to deliberate,
an analyst who proposes and reveals the
purpose of the plan,
a mentor who speaks out and urges those
who listen to follow his guidance and
thinking because it is thoughtful and
reasonable, who is Pele,
astoundingly brilliant,
And amazingly insightful, marvelous,
wonderful, distinguished,
surpassing all others,
set apart and separating,
influential and fantastic as well as
prophetic.
Yahowah in the eighty ninth Mizmowr said
that this would be the case of Dowd's
name.
He would be all of these things.
And of course,
it was marvelous and miraculous,
surpassing all others that Yahowah gave
Dowd a second and will give him a
third life.
He's a valiant and heroic individual.
Other than Tsadaq, to be right,
the Hebrew word that most defines Dowd is
Gibowr.
It means valiant and heroic, prominent,
a military,
a person with a military standing in the
community, a capable and competent,
courageous man.
The very fact that this has Gibowr in
it destroys completely
the myth of Christianity and this applying
to Christ because they claim he was a
God, don't they?
Gibowr is a man.
It's from the Hebrew gabar.
The or ending means all things pertaining
to gabar,
which is a strong and capable man.
A man.
You can't be a Gibowr without being a
man.
When
You read in Daniel that he was visited
twice by a man and that that man's
title was a Gibowr El.
That means that, speaking of Dowd,
the most competent,
courageous and capable man of God.
Gibowr is a signature of Dowd,
powerful person who prevails,
a proven defender and a champion,
confirming the influence and strengthening
nature of God.
An eternal witness providing restoring
testimony.
Yes.
Between the Proverbs and the Psalms,
he wrote over a hundred.
He was observant.
He was meticulous,
providing everlasting evidence from long
ago, sharing proof, which is reaffirming.
An eyewitness back in time.
He was the one who witnessed his own
fulfillment of Passover through
crucifixion,
writing of crucifixion in first person and
exactly how it kills us.
a thousand years before he endured it,
six hundred years before crucifixion even
existed or that Rome existed.
He was the eyewitness, the only one,
regarding the perpetual and continued
existence of the only one whose writing
that we have preserved in the
twenty-second and eighty-eighth Psalms.
Doing all of this for the father.
Only one man was called son by Yahowah
who spoke of himself being his father.
And that is of Dowd.
The leader who conveys the authorized
position.
Ha-Sar.
The ruler who acts and delivers with the
authority and the power to prevail.
Representing the official stance on what?
The only things that matter.
Shalwom.
Delivering what?
Reconciliation and restoration leading to
salvation.
Shalwom, first of all,
means reconciliation.
It is represented as peace only because
peace implies that a relationship between
parties has been resolved.
It's a restoration of the relationship,
a reconciliation of that which was
fractured, restitution, redemption.
satisfaction, favoritism.
It is Dowd who delivers Shalwom.
That's Yashayah on nine six.
Tremendously increasing, rab, abundantly,
greatly, extensively, plentifully,
totally, to the largest extent possible.
The ability to learn about and respond to
lam,
Lam means to provide information and to
impart the instruction learned as a
student,
teaching how to become familiar with the
guidance needed to accept by diligently
studying and then explaining the pattern
and the plan.
As a student eager to learn who was
taught by another,
having received clear and compelling
revelations so as to be prepared to
intelligently convey this message.
It is contracted from the verb lamad,
to teach, to learn.
to gain information through instruction
and then respond appropriately to Mitzrah
again, the means to engage and endure,
to be liberated and empowered,
choosing to understand by questioning the
who, what, why, where, and when,
even the how of what pertains to
persisting and persevering,
of being emancipated, of being empowered,
which are the benefits of the covenant.
It's a compound of my to probe and
to question and Sarah again,
which means to engage and to endure.
You've heard of Sarah?
Yeah.
Sarah, it's the middle name of Yisrael,
by the way.
Sarah was Abraham's wife.
She is the mother of Ishaq,
therefore the mother of the covenant.
Extraordinary woman.
Her name means to engage and to endure.
But on the negative sides,
it also means to contend with.
or to be liberated and empowered by.
When it's completed by El,
it means an individual who is able to
engage and endure with God,
who is able to contend with and be
liberated, be empowered by God.
As a result of this approach,
reconciliation and restoration,
complete satisfaction and total
commitment, a repeat of Shalwom,
the Hebrew concept that speaks of a
favorable circumstance leading to
overwhelming prosperity,
friendship and affection,
tranquility in the relationship,
will be without end forever, never cease,
never be negated, unbounded and limitless.
upon the throne, al-Etsah,
before the seat of honor and associated
with the high status and the dignified
position of Dowd, of Dowd,
as well as upon his kingdom,
through his considered advice and counsel,
al-Etsah .
Mamlakah hue as a result of his sovereign
authority and reign over his realm.
It's the kingdom of Dowd.
And that's what's going to return on
October second, twenty thirty three,
six twenty two p.m.
as the sun sets in the city of
Dowd, Jerusalem.
I'll be there.
Will you?
So as to be prepared and established by
it, to be authenticated,
to be authorized by it,
to become steadfast,
ready and supported through all of this,
and to be restored and sustained by it.
to be renewed and upheld through it,
to be strengthened and supported,
to become safe and secure.
With the means to exercise good judgment
and justly resolve disputes, bah-Mishpat,
again, a compound of my,
to ponder the implications of Mishpat,
judgment, exercising good judgment,
making sound decisions, being thoughtful,
not faithful, by being right.
As I said, Gibowr, Gabowrah, this is Tsadaqah,
is the second most telling attribute of
Dowd.
He was Gibowr, a very strong, capable,
courageous man, Gibowr.
Exceedingly competent and confident.
But according to God,
the single most important attribute that
can be ascribed to his beloved son,
our Messiah and savior and king is that
he is Tsadaqah.
Dowd is right.
Dowd is correct, fair, just, acquitting,
vindicating, honest, blameless, innocent,
and full accord with the standard.
Wait a minute,
how can he be blameless and innocent if
he made as many mistakes as he has
hair on his head?
Because God's not looking for perfection.
He's looking for us to be right.
And when we're right about him and
understand what he has provided,
what his son Dowd provided,
then we become not guilty because Dowd
carried all of our guilt,
including his own,
away and deposited it in his shield,
which is akin to a black hole never
to be seen again.
So that makes Dowd right.
He is the right choice.
He is the one who vindicates from now
and thereafter, from then to now.
beginning congruent with the events being
depicted,
right now and thus coinciding with this
narration simultaneous with this rational
declaration.
And forevermore,
as a restoring witness throughout time,
eternally.
All of this comes from the deep devotion
and the passion, the zeal, the favor,
the exclusivity,
the strong desire to accomplish something
special,
and the ardent love and jealousy of
Yahowah.
Of Yahowah.
Get used to that name.
Love that name.
Acclaim that name.
Accept that name.
or your time on this earth will be
limited to no more than seven and a
half years of Yahowah,
of the vast array of spiritual implements,
has consistently engaged,
to make this happen,
has caused this to continuously occur,
having always done what was required,
such that he will act accordingly to
accomplish this, fashioning this result,
continuing to perform in this way.
Yashayah, Isaiah, nine, seven.
We'll conclude with God having the last
word.
Good day.